Well, good morning family. It's late night, almost early morning, but I thought I'd pray with you all for a little bit.
We went to the Branson prayer conference and what a time we had.
It was wonderful. How's my audio? Tell us in the comment section down below how the audio is.
We're trying a new mic because it echoes a lot, so we're trying to make it so you can hear us better.
Let us know; if it's bad, we can switch back. I can push one button and it'll go back to the old one.
If you don't like it, let us know. But we went to the prayer conference in Branson and it was wonderful.
I really enjoyed that with Sister Billie and the family and Lynn and so many other people.
They came from all over the place and it was awesome to see everybody.
At the tent meeting we prayed; it wasn't live, televised, or livestreamed. There were demonstrations and manifestations.
Pastor Tracy Harris from Texarkana came and laid hands on everyone in the whole tent revival and the power of God was knocking people down. It was amazing to see people get so blessed.
Then they had the fish fry, but I got to speak at that tent meeting and that was the first time I've ever spoken to that many people for that long.
Usually I talk a little bit and I've done that several times, but this is the first time anyone has really handed me the mic and said 'go with it.'So it was a real blessing to be able to pray and do the things that the Lord allowed me to do during that service.
I believe it went pretty well. How can you judge your own thing?
I just go by what they all said, and they said it was good. So I'm thankful for it.
But now we're home and I have an urgency in my spirit to pray for our economy, to keep praying against delays, coming against what I believe is the enemy trying to rear his head, trying to stop the blessing of what the Lord is wanting for this body.
As I was driving around today, coming back into town and doing the things that the Lord wanted us to do, He said to me, 'Brandon, you're going to have to contend for what I've told you to do.
Don't just lay down and say, "whatever will be, will be."'Like that song, 'Whatever will be, will be, Que sera, sera.'It's not like that.
We have got to take our authority and we have got to start praying over what God has told us to do and not just sit there and say, 'Well, whatever will be, will be.'He said, 'Brandon, you're going to have to contend for it.
You're going to have to fight for it, lay hold to it.'He said, 'Whenever I told the children of Israel to go and get the land, they had a choice.
They could either say God is with us and who can be against us or have the attitude of a winner mentality, or you can shrink back and go, "well, we're the size of grasshoppers."'The first generation did that and they died in the wilderness.
But God had to raise up a whole new generation of people to go and take the land for Him.
And that's the kind of people that have the bulldog mentality that go after it like a dog on a bone and say, 'You know what?
I'm fighting and contending for what's mine.'And the Lord told me, 'For what I've called you to do, everything that I have, it's not a victim mentality that gets you there.
You have a victor mentality, a winner mentality, but a winner mentality contends.
They fight for it; they say, "This is mine."'Do you understand what I'm saying?
It has to be that: how bad do you want it in these end times with all the stuff that's going on around us. There's so much every single day, ladies and gentlemen.
I just go, 'My goodness, this has been incredible.'Even look at what we stopped, I believe, with the Atlanta shooting.
The guy went in saying he wanted to do something at the airport, had 27 shots and a firearm.
He walked into the airport, but his family told on him and he was brought to justice by the police department there.
Thank God that's an answer to prayer. That right there shows we're contending. We're fighting.
We're saying, 'No, you're not going to do this to our airports.'Because bottom line, ladies and gentlemen, we wrestle not against flesh and blood; we're wrestling against principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places.
This was a principality working through a personality. But I believe as we are praying believers that come in agreement and intercede for our nation, we're stopping this stuff.
Now, I believe there's a lot more to stop. But praying for our economy to turn around—there are so many people saying we're in a recession.
There are so many people saying that it's worse than 2008, that it's going to get worse than that and go into the Great Depression.
And I said, 'Not yet.'So that's why I wanted you to come on here and pray with me tonight to pray over our economy so that we have that window.
Now, I know I've heard other people say they believe a great economic crisis worse than 2008 will come in the next year, but I believe in God for a supernatural wealth transfer for the body of Christ before all this starts to take place.
I told you I saw President Trump treading the river. It was like Niagara Falls, and he was paddling as fast as he could because the boat was going to go over.
But he was keeping the economy from going clear over by paddling in that canoe as fast as he could because he knew that it was just a matter of time and it was going over.
It's going into the beast system. That's where all this is headed.
We all know that a one-world government, a one-world financial system is coming because that's what the Bible says.
And so if that's coming, we're not going to stop it. Can we delay it and give us more time? Yes.
I believe with our prayers and as we intercede, we're the salt and the light of this world.
I believe that God has given us the ability to change a lot of things through prayer—delaying things, doing things.
But I'm going to tell you, we're running out of time. Jesus Christ is coming.
Now, I heard another man this week say, 'We're so far away from all that.
Don't worry, Jesus isn't coming right now.'I don't doubt that we have a lot to do, but I'm going to tell you this: the time clock is ticking and we are at the midnight hour. I'm telling you, it's time to wake up.
And that's why I've tried to warn you over and over, even at the prayer conference, trying to warn the people that a major shaking is about to take place in this earth to awaken it.
It's not just about America. President Trump said today, 'Well, we have over 17 trillion dollars worth of stuff coming in.'I don't know where he's getting his numbers, but I pray that's true.
I want an economic boom. I told you I saw the wave and it was transparent.
You could see crypto, gold, silver, and the housing market through this.
That means it was shallow. It wasn't a deep, defined wave, but it was a wave.
Nevertheless, that's the word I would use. On top of the soil was gold. Do you all remember that?
And the Lord said, 'There's enough gold on the layer of what's coming right here.'It was thin—not a thick foundation, but a thin one. He said, 'Enough to line your pockets, son.
Fill your pockets as quickly as you can for what's about to come because it's not thick, it's thin.'And that wave will not last very long.
It's a short-lived wave, but it will provide enough for an end-time wealth transfer for you to get the job done to bring in the harvest.
It's not going to be long-lived, but it will give you enough time and enough money to get the job done.
Jesus Christ is coming, and I'm telling you, brush arbor Churches, Woodstock Church—it's like Woodstock, Holy Ghost Woodstock. All this is coming; it's right at our door.
But I've tried to tell some of the people, I said, 'We've got to have the money to get it done.'It costs millions and millions, if not hundreds of millions and tens of millions of dollars to get the gospel out.
It's not free: TV time, radio time, all those kinds of things.
The only thing that is free is these YouTubes; they've provided a platform for us to use that we can broadcast like this, and we get thousands of people watching on here, and it doesn't cost anyone anything.
They just click on their internet provider and watch us on their phone or their tablet.
Most people watch from their tablet or from their television, and some on phones.
Which is it most, Braden? Phone and TV. I think it's pretty cool. And that's not TV time.
We're using their platform, but they can turn us off anytime they want to. It's their platform. That's the part that's shaky.
The moment we say something against what they believe or what they think, you're done.
But I believe that persecution is not here yet to the point of where I believe it's coming.
I told you it would be like an olive press in the days ahead, and the oil will come forth.
Great persecution is coming on the church. And the Lord told me, 'The great harvest will come out of birthing pains.
It will come out of a time of trials because people are not awake. People are not alert.
They're not looking for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.'Many people are just like, 'I've heard it so much I don't believe it anymore, really.'There's a remnant of us who do, and those are the ones I believe are coming on here praying every single time we start prayer, and you're excited about it.
Hey, this is a cool book: In Him by Kenneth E. Hagin. It's a little short read; it's 32 pages.
I bet it's less than a dollar. You probably can get it for like 25 or 50 cents, I don't know, whatever.
But it's a good read: In Him by Kenneth E. Hagin. Little short book, 32 pages.
Pretty cool, huh? I like stuff like that; it's like a little pocketbook. Diana found that for me.
I told her, 'Thanks, baby.'She got that and said, 'Hey, Brandon, I think you need to read this: In Him.'I have some more over there.
Braden, will you get those other two little books mama got me over there?
If Diana was here, she could read this to you in less than five minutes.
She's a fast reader. Oh, she got me this one: The Precious Blood of Jesus by Kenneth E.
Hagin. And then she got me The Gifts of Prophecy by Kenneth E.
Hagin. And then she got me Praying to Get Results by Kenneth Hagin. They're all short reads.
She gets me things that don't overwhelm me because I don't like to read that much anyway.
But it has 71 pages in that one. So, it's a pretty cool little book she got me.
It came in the mail; she got it from Amazon, I guess. She surprised me and said, 'Hey, I got that for you tonight.
Look what I got you, Braden—Brandon.'So I'll share with Brent, my son.
He can read one, and I'll read one a day. It keeps you stirred up.
You have to fan that flame. You cannot let your flame go down in these last days.
You have to stir yourself up. And that's what I'm trying to tell you. This is how I do it. This is how Diana does it.
She'll read one of these little books, she'll drive around and say, 'Let's read that,'finding things to keep yourself stirred up in these last days.
Don't wait on your pastor to feed you. Don't wait on the evangelist to feed you.
Don't wait on a prophet to feed you. Don't wait on YouTube to feed you.
You have to be a scavenger. How badly do you want your life to change?
How desperate are you to find stuff? That's why we're always looking for stuff.
My goodness, if I waited on my pastors to feed me only, you would die spiritually.
Do you understand? You can't wait on people. You have to be a contender.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm putting my closers in.'He said, 'I've saved the best for last—my closers.'Diana and I started doing research on the closers; they are built for pressure.
Closers in baseball—the ones that close the baseball game—are built for pressure.
They don't lose the lead because they're not going, 'Oh gosh.'You know about buck fever when you're hunters and you're out there and your hands are shaking from the pressure of the buck walking in front of you.
You miss the shot because you've got buck fever. That's where we are in these end times.
God made us for pressure. He said, 'Brandon, we've got this, but you've got to be a contender.
You can't just sit there and lay down on the job and say, "Stop."'Nobody feels sorry for you.
That's what the Lord said. Nobody feels sorry for you. Do you understand?
You've got to play the world's smallest violin for yourself?
'You had a hard day. The enemy was attacking.'Stand up and fight.
Be a contender. Say, 'No, I'm not going to let you do this. I'm not going to let you rob my family of finances.
I'm not going to let you rob me of health. I'm not going to sit here and have a snotty nose and have all this going on with me.
I refuse to do this. I have a covenant with God.'You either are or you aren't.
Are you a believing believer or not? Are we believing believers in these last days or are we not?
That's why I started saying, 'I'm done with this.'When you say you're barely getting by, or you're done not feeling good...
'Oh, you're overweight.'Well, you eat too much. I work on myself daily.
'Well, you feel sorry for yourself.'No, you're the one that put the food in there.
You've got one hole; you don't have to keep putting food in it all day long.
The Lord gets on me about a lot of stuff. I walk a very tightrope with the Father.
He's instructed me on what I'm supposed to be doing with my life, telling me, 'This is how you get there.'He always said, 'Brandon, if you want change in your life, you're going to have to change the way you're doing things because you can't keep doing the same thing expecting different results.
How badly do you want to go on with me? How badly do you want this?'You want impartation from these generals? You want impartation, but are you a contender for it?
Do you do what they did to get it—from Billy Burke to Lynne Hammond to whoever you know has been in ministry for 50 or 60 years?
Do you do what they did to get where they are? They've sustained it and they've been there.
Or do you just sit there and go, "Well, you know, there's a reason why there's not very many of them."Nobody said it would be easy, but how bad do you want it?
And that's why I thought about it. You know, there's only one Bill Gates.
There's only one Warren Buffett. There's only one Elon Musk.
I'm just talking about the wealthiest of the wealthiest. But they did something.
And I'm not saying they did righteous things to get there, but I'm talking about people who contend for the greater wealth.
It's a pattern. They have a different mindset. They think differently.
They don't think poverty. They don't think quit. They don't think loser. They think winner.
It's like when they say you could retire and never have to work again, "Elon, you're worth $500 million.
You're the richest person in the world. Why do you keep working?"I was thinking, why?
Why would you? You're never going to spend all that if you just had it by yourself.
That's an absurd amount of money. He's almost halfway to a trillion dollars.
Do you realize that's a lot money? That's rich. But yet you just have that drive to keep going.
You're just built differently. What does it take to be in ministry for 50 years like my friends?
Not a victim. Not somebody who's always whining about their life and about demonic attacks.
That's why I checked myself. You're not a victim, Brandon. A victim's not going to make it.
Whiners, don't be a whiner. Be a winner. That's what he said, Brandon.
You're not going to do this and be a whiner. You're built for pressure. I said you were closers. I'm putting in my closers.
So, every single one of you that are watching right now, I believe that God has called you for such a time as this.
And he didn't build you to fail. He did not build you to be a whiner, but a winner.
How bad do you want it in your life? I want change. And that's what I thought.
All the times whenever it came down to working for minimum wage, working for barely getting by, and you work your tail end off by the sweat of your brow all day long for those eight hours a day, Monday through Friday, and you go get another job.
You've got two jobs, you're working it, and you never make it.
I've always read these books and I listen and I study about these people who have been successful.
They have an idea to solve a problem. It's the problem solvers. It's creative. It's never the grunts.
Well, I worked for this guy and I flipped burgers for him and I filled soda—I was a soda jerk or whatever.
I worked at the convenience store. But it's always solving a problem.
It's thinking outside of the box for ministry. How do we get more people saved?
That runs through my mind all the time. How do we get more people saved for the kingdom of God?
What we're doing is not working, is it? You get a hundred people saved. Is that working?
When there's 8 billion plus that are dying and going to hell, is a hundred effective? The numbers aren't good enough. It needs to be millions.
When there's eight billion, we need millions at a time, tens of millions to even be effective at all to be able to say, "Hey, you did something."But when you get a hundred, I'm so grateful for the hundred, but I'm trying to think bigger.
How do I get there? How do you do that? I don't see anybody around me, even in my circle, that is even getting—I even say, "Do you even get an altar call?
How many people did you get saved in the last year?"It is less than probably a thousand and they've been in ministry for 50 years.
How many people did you get born again this year? Well, you know we got 500, 5,000.
That's a fail. I don't care. You can't brag about that. I can't brag about that.
There's 8 billion people going to hell and they're dying by the tens of thousands every couple of minutes.
I don't even know the statistics of it. The mathematical equation of it is too big for my mind to comprehend.
How many are being born? How many are dying? But how many of those people went to hell?
Hell is enlarging its gates every second. People are dying. And I don't want to get excited and relax at a hundred souls.
I'm thankful, but I see too many people slipping through the fingers. And I thought, how do you become more effective?
And the only thing I can ever relate it to is what drew me: the anointing.
It's the anointing. It's the anointing that breaks the yoke.
Approximately 150,000 to 173,000 die a day. Did you show them that?
I don't know how many other people—like I said, I don't see even in some churches that we don't even have altar calls that often.
Maybe we get one a month, or if that, because there's no new converts coming.
And if that's the case, that's what the Lord told me. He said there has to be a great—so I'm saying all that to say this today.
The reason why I know—I don't just believe, I'm fully persuaded in what God has told me is coming: a great shaking to awaken, to draw the people up, to draw the people in.
Yes, there's a great falling away. But the Lord said to me, "Brandon, I'm leaving the 99 and going after the one."But there will be a 24-hour period where everything will change.
A great shaking to awaken is coming. Now, people ask, "When?"I don't know.
But he told me as of the 23rd of September, this was the point of no return.
And a great acceleration would begin at the 23rd involving the fig tree, the nations, the sheep and the goat nations.
You would see a dividing line. Just like what happened—they took a vote at the UN.
There were only three nations that stood by the state of Israel.
The rest of the world turned their back and said no. They even walked out on Benjamin and his whole speech.
So it's all about the fig tree. Do I stand with everything that Israel stands for?
I always stand with Israel, but I don't always have to agree with some of the government decisions.
It's like America. I pray for America and I live here, but I don't always agree with America's decisions.
But I always stand with the people of Jerusalem. I always pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
You have to separate politics from what God said. It's so much bigger than all that.
Do I agree with everything Trump's doing? I don't know; I don't have time to pay attention to everything Trump's doing.
But for what he's doing, he's trying to save our economy. He's trying to do these things.
Do I think he's doing everything right? Probably not. But he's doing the best he can, I'm sure.
Could I do any better? Heavens no. I'm trying to do a YouTube channel.
But to run a country that is almost $40 trillion in the hole? What else do you do with a sinking ship?
It's the Titanic. It's going down. There's no saving it, period.
I don't care who you are and how much you prophesy; there's nothing going to save it.
You know why? Because it's in the way. It's in the way of bringing in the beast system.
It will not be saved. It will not stop. This is part of the end times.
Jesus Christ is coming, and it doesn't matter how much we try. Jesus is coming. Thank God. Aren't you ready?
But right now, the biggest thing we can do is pray for our government.
Pray for our leaders; pray for President Trump to have wisdom on how to bring it.
We need that wave. We need this wave for the rocket fuel to get the job done so we can get out of here.
But I just know it's going to cost money. At the same time, the church can't.
Most people are going, 'Man, we've got to make the budget for the meeting.
How much is the budget?'A couple hundred thousand. Wow. That's not that much compared to everything.
Even if it's half a million dollars compared to what Elon Musk and some of the jokers in the world have—they're worth billions—the body of Christ is bleeding for half a million dollars for a meeting budget so we can get the gospel out.
Then people show up and say, 'Well, you know, we're excited if we get the offering and we make the budget.'We've got to think bigger.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you've got to think bigger. Do you understand the comprehension of—say, for instance, this meeting that I just went to?
There were probably less than 3,000 to 4,000 people there. It was a lot of work.
But we're believing for billions to come to Jesus. We had 3,000 to 4,000 people there, and it was a lot of work.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all. It's time to be a contender as the pressure of the end times gets closer.
It's time to expand your believing so that we reach these lost people. They're going to hell.
When I saw the Asians come, and they are always so tender and loving, they say, 'Thank you, Brandon, for starting a China channel.
I try so hard to tell my relatives about it. They're in China.'I lived in China.
They are so excited about it because they don't get to hear the gospel.
Did you see the crackdown in China against the Christians? They're throwing them in prison and doing all this stuff.
They're persecuting the church in China right now on a great scale. It's all in the news.
The church in China is being persecuted now because they don't want them talking.
They don't want any church, so they're throwing them in prison.
The Lord told us it was coming, but I know what He said about a revival.
I just want you all—this is just me talking tonight—to think bigger.
We must. Is that the article, son? It was all over Xi Jinping.
The Chinese government was putting their people in prison. I saw it.
I think I took a screenshot when I was on the way because I was shocked.
I was like, 'Oh my goodness, it's happening.'I just want you to believe bigger with me.
I'm so thankful for what God has given me—don't get me wrong—but I'm always asking Him to enlarge me inside, to think bigger.
Not just to get a couple hundred, but tens of thousands, tens of millions, to believe for the billion-flow so that we can get the gospel out.
Because, as I told Max, the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, I'm waiting on one thing right now.
I'm waiting on the ones in the backfield. You get them and bring them in.
You keep doing this, and I'll come to get you.'That's the last thing He has.
That's what He's been talking to me about: 'Brandon, bring in the lost—the ones that are dying, hurting, and broken.
Bring them in, and I'll come and get you.'So, I'm a thinker. Diana goes, 'What are you doing?'I'm always quiet; I'm in the car, I just stare up and look over.
I'm listening. I listen again. I said, 'How can you hear God if you're always flapping your mouth?
Be still. Listen. He's talking. Show me, grow me, teach me.'I want to know, Father.
You have it, but I've got to tap into that vein—praying in the spirit, listening, stirring yourself up to get that.
The only thing I always come back to is the anointing. It's the anointing.
It's revival. It's a shaking to awaken. It's the plague. I believe the fall of 2027 is what I'm praying over.
Don't quote me on that. 'Oh, Brandon, you missed it.'I hear in part and see in part.
If I see something and it doesn't come to pass, I did my best. I'm praying into it.
I never professed to be a prophet; I never have. I tell you I'm a watchman.
But I want to tell you, I'm praying over Mel Gibson. He didn't pick Jim Caviezel.
I was really disappointed in that. We interceded for that quite a bit.
I don't know who this guy from Spain is that he hired for 'The Passion of the Christ'movie, but it's kind of a letdown to me because I really like Jim Caviezel.
I was like, 'No, what'd you do that for?'We need him to stick to the Bible.
The Lord told us to pray for Mel Gibson. So why didn't he hire Jim Caviezel? I don't know. He already started filming on that movie.
One of the things I want to say is that that movie will be used for what I have seen as a major revival in the days ahead.
I don't know how long it will take him to get it out or when the movie will come out—probably in 2026, maybe the fall of 2026—but I know it will be a major tool to bring in the lost, and the Lord said to pray for him.
So we continue to pray for him and for the protection of President Trump.
The Lord warned us about praying over Pam Bondi, Alex Jones, and Tucker Carlson.
I saw the list and every one of them had their names on it. I went over that; it made me very nervous to talk about.
Needless to say, what I was seeing was very serious. If anybody watched that livestream, it was very intense.
That was the last video on Sunday night. Does anybody have questions about that at all?
Did anybody watch what the Lord was warning about concerning the hit list?
We're praying over these things, praying for the MS-13 to be exposed and the rats to be exposed.
All the things the enemy tried to do in secret will be opened and exposed in the name of Jesus.
We're praying over our president, the decisions he makes, and the days ahead.
For November 4th, the Supreme Court is supposed to have their final decision on the tariffs. There is major stuff coming.
The Supreme Court is supposed to make their decision if they say he can't put the tariffs on there.
I mean, about the medication, bringing it home—there's so much there.
So, we'll pray real quick. Are you going to take communion with me?
We can pray for a little bit here. I know it's probably really late where you are, but I'm here.
If you want to pray with me, fine; if not, go to sleep. You can watch it tomorrow.
How many are here? 3,500. Father, I just thank you for the body that was broken for us.
Lord, I thank you that you teach us to be more effective, that we bring in the lost and it's not just one soul at a time.
Father, the harvest is plentiful, but the laborers are few. Teach us to be more effective in our harvesting.
Lord, if the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, and there's just a little bit of us bringing them in, teach us to be better at harvesting; anoint us to be better at harvesting tonight.
When we speak, Father, it's not us talking, but it's Christ in us, the hope of glory.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. As He is, so are we in this world.
If Jesus were here today, how would He do it? If he was walking this earth right now in human form, I know; as he is, so are we.
But I'm saying if he was really like it was 2,000 years ago, how would he do it now in a modern day?
How would he use YouTube? I know he'd probably use TV, but how can we be more effective?
And the only thing that I can ever say is the anointing breaks the yoke.
It's the anointing; it's the anointing that gets the job done.
And we have to die. It's the refiner's fire. Make me better, make me pure by the fire that does refine.
Where the breath of God is sweeter, there his brightest glory shines.
Lift me high up to the mountain into fellowship with thee. Purify us, Father, like pure gold.
Father, whatever it takes, we want to come up higher with the fire.
Make us more effective; let the prophets prophesy and the evangelists evangelize.
Being evangelists, they bring in the lost. Pastors raise up the babies.
The teachers teach them how to keep walking on the word, teaching them the word and how to live by faith.
But Father, help us to be better and more effective. Out of the 174,000 that died today, how many of them didn't know you, Father?
How many of them did not know you today, Father, that went to and are spending eternity in hell now?
It's such a sobering thing to think that even as we sleep, people are dying every couple of seconds and they are on their way to hell.
I pray there's more going to heaven than there is going to hell.
But Father, the only way we'll ever know is by going and being a light to all those that are around us.
Help us to be bolder. Help us to be bold as a lion. Lord, give us a backbone like a crowbar.
Father, only by your word do you teach us how to be more effective, that when we're not ashamed of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, we're bold and we're hungry and we're thirsty and we seek you and we will find you.
And in that, Father, when we are in public, people see us and they say there's something different about them.
It's Christ in me, the hope of glory. I believe it. Father, as for me and my house, help us to be better soul winners.
Lord, we don't want to be the people that you get up there and you say, 'Well, you could have talked to her.
You could have talked to him, but you were ashamed. You were afraid.
And you could have saved them. And you know what? They're in hell right now.
And you could have helped them.'Help us, Father, for that conviction inside of us to be stronger and bolder about who we are in you.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few. Anoint us and appoint us; let that fire be on us like Moses shining on our faces so that when the people see us, they see Jesus.
I don't want to be like the world. I look at them and I see people that are desperate.
They're broken, busted, and disgusted. They may have money; they may have fame, but they don't have you.
They're empty; they're alone; they're lost. They need Jesus. So, Father, I lift up the body before you.
And I thank you, Father, for your healing over these bodies, over our bodies, over us, that we are healed and whole and well by your stripes.
And I thank you, Father, that today you've given us another opportunity to share the gospel with somebody, telling the people that Jesus Christ is coming and there's an urgency about it.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus. Lord, we plead the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us. If it wasn't for the blood, where would I be?
Lord, we lift up the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over our finances, our house, our minds, our wills, our emotions, our health, our marriages, our children, our grandchildren, and whoever.
We plead the blood of Jesus and that we're always in the right place at the right time.
And we take this blood in the name of Jesus and we apply the blood all around this house.
We apply the blood all around our finances. We apply the blood over our car. We apply the blood over our health.
And as people are getting ready, they say, 'Oh, the flu season.'Nope, I'm not participating.
We walk in divine health. We're going to keep going. Well, what if you get it?
It'll be short-lived. God's still good. Do you understand?
You're always fighting from the victory side. I'm not believing for it.
I've seen people go, 'Well, what do I do? What do you do with that?'No, it's short-lived.
I'm not living in this. I'm blessed. Goodness and mercy are following me all the days of my life.
I'm blessed. Do you understand? You always got to stay on the victory side.
I'm not going to be mealy-mouthed. No. Sky is falling. Markets are falling.
Markets are crashing. More unemployment than we've ever seen before.
The economy looks like it's going to the toilet. I'm not participating.
My God shall supply all my needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus. I am not participating.
Whenever everybody else out there says, 'Well, flu looks like it's worse this year than it's ever been before.
COVID looks like it got another strain.'Nope, not participating.
You understand? You keep believing that. You keep saying it out your mouth. Life and death is in the power of your tongue, not mine.
You either be a believing believer that says that out of your mouth because your mountain needs to hear your voice, or the circumstances speak louder than you.
Because I'm telling you, all around us, we hear the news talking about the financial markets.
'Oh, look at this. Oh, look at Black Friday; it's not going to be so black this year.'I'm telling you.
Do you understand there's always some negative ninny on there always talking something bad?
I refuse to let that be in my life. I'm blessed. My business is prosperous.
I don't know about yours, but mine is. Why? Because I have tither's rights.
My God shall supply all my needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
My God has a cattle on a thousand hills. He has more than enough for me. He has more than enough. God's hand is not short.
My wife always tells me, 'Brandon, God's hand's not short.'That's what you have to say.
His hand's not short; it's not withered. He has more than enough. You have to believe it.
So, Father, we thank you for the blood and we thank you, Father, for what you did for us.
I thank you, Lord, for how much you provided. I thank you, Lord, for our healings.
I thank you for my marriage. I thank you for my children. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that we don't participate in any kind of sickness and disease.
We take the blood and we apply the blood in Jesus'name. So, stir yourself up.
I'm feeling better. I'm not drinking that old water just in case.
I'm just using wisdom; that's what I'm doing. You've got to use wisdom.
My body's getting better from that, and I'm not drinking that old water again.
So, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
For he is good and his mercy endures forever. Great is his faithfulness to you.
He is more than enough, able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
The greater one lives on the inside of us in Jesus'name. Healing belongs to us.
Deliverance belongs to us. The greater one lives on the inside of me.
You either believe it or you don't. Christ in me, the hope of glory.
Christ in me, the hope of glory. The greater one lives on the inside of me.
The anointing that breaks the yoke lives on the inside of me.
I feel the anointing all over my head. Praise God. That cloak comes on me.
Make money and the economy. We call it to change. We call it to change. Father, I took the communion over my eyes.
And if there's anything you want to show me, Lord, I thank you that I'm covered with a covenant, that I have a covenant with an almighty God that loves me, that I have a covenant with you, and Christ in me, the hope of glory.
I believe and I receive in Jesus'name everything that you have for me.
We call for it; it's on me to pray for that tonight, for the economy to turn around today, for crypto markets to turn around.
What the enemy intended to be his wheelhouse, we say no, it's not time yet.
God said he's given us a window and it's not time for a great financial disaster.
I saw this back at the beginning of last year and the Lord said, 'No, I'm going to give you a window because of the prayers of the saints.'Now, the enemy is trying because people let their foot off the gas.
They say, 'Well, I'm not going to pray anymore. I don't need to.'No, you keep driving until it's a greasy spot.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, for your provision over us.
Thank you, Lord, for the body of Christ lacks no good thing. There's more than enough for the kingdom of God.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord. It's going back to: what's it for? It's for bringing in the lost. That's where we got.
But bottom line is, if the Lord blesses you with huge money, what is it there for?
If you don't know how to apply it and you spend it and you're stupid with it, you lose it all. So what's the point?
You've got to know what to do between point A to point B to point C on how to apply the wealth that he gives you so that you're not done with it.
The Lord wants us to be blessed, ladies and gentlemen. Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
But how do we apply it to bring in the lost? That's why I'm asking God for a plan.
Show me how to bring in the lost at a greater, like a Billy Graham level.
It has to be bigger. We have to think bigger. It's not like we're passing out flyers, Brother Brandon.
No, something new. Well, you do YouTube, Brandon. Okay, well, that's cool.
But how do we get bigger? And the only thing I can say is creative miracles.
You get somebody raised from the dead, you're going to attract a lot of people.
You know, arms growing out, eyes coming back. That's something.
And like the glory cloud coming in, it's so thick you can play with it moving around.
And the only way I can see that is spending time with him, sitting at his feet, not praying for him to do that, but to seek him because he's just worthy.
Father, I need you. Father, I love you. Father, we glorify your name. Nothing is a microwave. Everything's a slow cooker.
When it comes to this, what I'm talking about, I've never seen a big microwave.
God's not in a hurry. You know, I go up there going, 'Well, God, I need you to really put it in there.
Let's cook this for 15 minutes and let's go.'God's not like that.
Slow and steady wins the race. Hasn't it felt like that all the time, Brandon?
That's the way it is. He's never in a panic. He's not frazzled.
Jesus is 'Peace, be still.'Walk, pursue relationship, keep going.
He is never afraid. Oh my gosh, it's amazing. So, even keel. But I want to do it for him.
That's where I'm at with it: teach me to be more like you. In Jesus'name, the multitudes thronged him.
Throng—is that a word? Thronged him. A cultivation, acceleration, the life cycle.
A shaking, a shaking, a shaking. That's what he's talking about.
He said, 'Take authority over their eyes today, for Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.'Take authority over their eyes today, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
Ephesians... take authority over their eyes today. He said, 'Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.'So we call the unbelieving believers'eyes to be believing believers.
Did I mix that up? That's right. So we speak to their eyes to open up right now and be flooded with light.
We take authority over the blinders over the mind, this fog over their minds that they're not thinking clearly.
We speak life and light over their eyes to be flooded in Jesus'name.
Satan, get your hands off of these unbelievers! And we call them to be believing believers.
And we call them in from the north, the south, the east, the west—all our unsaved loved ones: your daughters, your grandparents, your wives, your uncles, your husbands.
We call them in in the name of Jesus. It's time for the unsaved to become saved in the name of Jesus.
We call in the harvest. We call in the eyes to be flooded with light. And we call in creative ideas to bring them in.
Father, you want them to be saved more than what we could ever imagine.
So I thank you, Lord, that you anointed us for such a time as this to take authority over the eyes, that the eyes would be flooded with light in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord. We're calling them in. We're calling in the family members.
We're calling in the unsaved. We're calling them in right now in the name of Jesus.
He's given us—he said, 'I've given you all the tools that you would ever need, Brandon.'So, I just get corrected.
He said, 'I've given you all the tools that you'll ever need.
It's your choice to use them.'Whatsoever things you bind on earth, whatsoever things are loosed.
It's people sitting idly by not doing what they're called to do, binding the devil off of them.
And I see the eyes flooded with light. The flooding of the light, the flooding of the eyes.
The fog on their mind to be lifted off. They've listened and they've yielded themselves to a reprobate mind.
And we call them, draw them, shake to awaken. So I say all that I say and then I get corrected.
It's so funny. I love him. Do you understand how much God loves you?
He loves you enough that he corrects you because when you sound dumb, he says, 'Listen, you've got the authority.
Do it. Take authority over their eyes and call them in.'Well, we've got to have more effective...
he's like, 'Edit your video and shut up.'Good Lord. See what he has to put up with me.
He's like, 'Brandon, come on. You know better than this.'Yeah.
But it's the same truth; I'm trying to stir myself up to think bigger.
But I see what he's saying immediately by being effective and how you pray about it, speaking into it.
We're speaking spirits sent forth to the heirs of salvation.
We're speaking into it, praying over their eyes, praying over their minds for that reprobate to come off of their minds and that they would see.
Eskom. I saw a backup generator. Isn't that interesting? I know.
It's changing lanes here. He's talking about power. You hear what I'm saying?
He's talking about power. The grid. You see how it just switched? Now, ladies and gentlemen, it switched.
I was praying over the souls, and He's like, "You need to take this in a different direction."And I saw instantaneously our power grid—cyberattacks on the power grid—and praying into backup power over cyberattacks on our power grid.
Isn't that interesting? It went from this to looking at the Chinese government trying to attack our power grid.
You hear me? That's what He's talking about. Yes, there will be power outages.
They're trying to get through the cybersecurity for Taiwan as well.
Do you hear what I'm saying? Cyber-hackers and cybersecurity for our grid. Do you hear me?
In L.A., the power grid in L.A., the power in the Bay Area, Michigan, and Silicon Valley.
You hear me? And Chicago. Remember to comment. I'm seeing riots. I see civil unrest as the darkness is in there.
So, Father, we thank You, Lord, for our cyber computers, our Army Corps of Engineers, our Homeland Security, whoever it is that's over this cyber.
We thank You, Lord, that our cyber division—Lord, I pray a supernatural wisdom over them that they will stop every Trojan horse.
They would stop every Trojan horse off of our grid. We say in the name of Jesus over our electric grid, over our nuclear power plants, and over our power facilities.
We pray a hedge of protection over, around, and about them and that we would be able to stop every Trojan attack in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood all around Minnesota. I don't know why, but it's really big to me.
Minnesota, we plead the blood all around Minnesota. We plead the blood all around Chicago, Illinois.
You hear me? There will be an uptick soon and great earthquakes again. It’s like an ebb and flow.
It's up and down concerning earthquakes—uptick, down, uptick, down.
It's a pulse is what I see, a pulse. A pulse goes up, heartbeat, down.
And that's what He said: the faster it gets, like labor pains, the heartbeat goes up faster and faster.
It's a heartbeat. And that's what it's going to be with these earthquakes.
It's going to keep going like a heartbeat. The slower the heartbeat, the less alive it is.
The faster the heartbeat, the more alive it is. You hear? Do you see what I'm saying?.
You see them? I see a great earthquake coming to Japan in a day.
Great destruction in Japan from these earthquakes soon to begin.
What I'm seeing is like the winding of a top, and you see the waves of the earth, the magnetic waves.
It's like a pulse, like a tide, Braden. It goes out, then comes in.
An uptick. It’s not only China; it’s North Korea with the cyberattacks.
Kim is about to really raise his head—Little Rocket Man. We call for Ireland to be evangelized.
We call for a shaking in Ireland. We call for a major revival in Ireland. It was between my sleep and my awakening.
I could hear "Civil War."I remember it; the Lord brings it up to me: Civil War.
We thank You, Lord, for today. We thank You, Lord, for the glorious day.
Glory to God. Thank You, Jesus. We thank You, Lord, for everything You have in store.
We call for revival in South America. We call for revival in Canada.
We call for revival in the UK. We call for the rain to come in the name of Jesus.
We call in that rain—the former and the latter rain. But Father, I thank You, Lord, that it happens in the natural.
We call in the rain—five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven inches of rain.
Whatever you're believing for: supernatural rain to break the drought over Australia in the name of Jesus.
We call the Outback to be full of water. We call a turning of the rain from the north to the south, to the east, and to the west.
All around Australia and New Zealand, we call in rain in Jesus'name.
I see the cloud the size of a man's hand, and I call in the rain over your nation in Jesus'name. Rain, not just in the natural, but in the spirit.
A dryness has set in over that nation, and I call for a spiritual rain for a great harvest of souls.
A mighty move of the Spirit of God will move across Australia and across New Zealand in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the spiritual drought over your land, and we say in the name of Jesus, there is a great harvest of souls coming over your land in Jesus'name.
From Queensland all the way across the Outback, from sea to sea, all the way around, we call forth in the name of Jesus a major harvest of souls.
We call for fresh worship to come out of your land again, like it did before with Hillsong.
Fresh worship to come from your land for even the Aborigines to come to Jesus.
We call for a stirring over the land in Jesus'name. Australia and New Zealand will be saved to the glory of God. We call for a stirring over this land.
We call for the intercessors to rise up, for the prophetic voices to rise up all across Australia and New Zealand.
We call for the intercessors, the pastors, and the five-fold ministry to rise up in the land of Australia in the name of Jesus.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too far gone for it not to be revived by Jesus.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too far gone way down there in the land of Australia.
The Lord says He has not forgotten. There's a great harvest of souls, a revival in the Great Southland.
Interestingly, I never get anything turned up over I'll show you like that, but it goes from Ireland to Australia.
It's amazing, Braden. I could see it clearly. All over Asia, all over the Philippines—He's calling them in.
Glory to God. He's all over Africa, all over, the greatest harvest of souls.
Portals, portals—things like you've never seen. Glory to God.
Believe God for your land. If you're watching from Australia right now, believe God.
I'm telling you, there's a great revival coming for you. It's time for you to believe Him.
I see a mighty wind of the Spirit of God blowing across your land. It's on that dryness. It's on the dryness multiplying.
But I hear the sound of a mighty rushing wind, and there will be a great sound of the rain coming.
I hear the rain coming. I hear the rain coming. It may be the size of a man's hand, but I'm telling you, rain.
Speak to your atmosphere: rain over Australia! Rain! A mighty rain!
Not just one inch, not just two inches—you need a drought-buster rain.
But this will happen in the natural and the spiritual. The kangaroos will be thankful.
Fires will be subsided. There are going to be new songs of worship. Heavenly worship is coming.
Greater songs from the throne room, oh God, are going to get the world's attention.
I hear songs in the spirit that will get the world's attention.
Heavenly worship will come in Los Angeles, it will come through Tennessee, and it's going to come in a greater worship than we've ever seen before.
Worship music is being taken back. Great worship music. Glory to God!
We pray over our high schools, over where our kids go to school.
We put a bloodline around our schools and we say there will be no mass shootings.
There will be no mass casualty events over our high schools, our grade schools, or our kindergartens.
We apply the blood. We apply the blood of Jesus all around our college campuses. We will not have it. We apply the blood over our schools.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit, even over our tailgate celebrations at the college games, we continue on that.
We pray a hedge of protection around our colleges, all around our high schools and the football games.
We plead the blood of Jesus over these areas in Jesus'name. Over our places of work, over our churches where we go to gather, we apply the blood of Jesus.
No weapon formed against our churches will prosper. Over our places of work, as we get closer to Black Friday and the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, we apply the blood in Jesus'name.
Every plot, every plan, every act of terror will be uncovered in Jesus'name.
We pray over the people of Nigeria that their persecution stops in the name of Jesus.
Father, for the genocide of the Christians to stop now in the name of Jesus, that you bring your angel armies, the angels on assignment to war on our behalf in the mighty name of Jesus.
We send our angels from the north, the south, the east, and the west to war on our behalf that the genocide of the Nigerian people and the Christians stops.
We thank you, Lord, for the angels of the Lord camped around them all around this world, around the Christians in China and the Christians in North Korea.
We call a hedge of protection, and Father, just like you dealt with Pharaoh concerning the children of Israel, we believe that the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the God of Braden Biggs, will protect you.
We believe, Father, that you protected Moses and all of them, and that you delivered them out of the hand of Pharaoh.
You'll deliver them out of the hand of Kim Jong-un and Xi Jinping.
I don't know who the leader of Nigeria is, whoever's doing the persecution there, but all of them are subject to it and they will be judged for doing what they're doing.
I thank you, Lord, that this stops now. The persecution, Father, the church rises up.
The underground church rises up. We thank you, Father. Nothing is too big for our God to do.
Do you believe that? He gave us authority. We bind the devil.
We tell him to stop it all across the land. We will not lose power in our cities through cyberattacks.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the greatest economy we've ever had is in store in Jesus'name.
We call in the finances from the north, the south, the east, and the west. We break the back of poverty with the financial seed.
We believe, Father, that this is a time like we've never seen before for the greatest harvest of finances, souls, and miracles.
It will begin with you and me. Do you believe that? Hallelujah!
I felt a big pull tonight praying over Australia. That was amazing.
New Zealand, praying over Africa, praying over this. Father, we thank you, Lord.
I can end it there. It's going on really late here, but I'll pray again tomorrow for sure.
The Lord told me, 'I want you to get back on the routine and start praying all the time.'I'm back home.
I went on my excursions of what he's asked me to do. Now he said, 'Come back and do this.'So we're here.
I didn't want to let another day go by without praying; I was busy and now I'm here.
I'm so thankful to be back home. I told Braden, 'I know. Isn't it nice to be back home?'Yes. Hotels are nice for a little bit.
It's nice to get away, but then when you're there, you're like, 'Okay, I'm done.'All glory to Jesus. We made it home safe and everybody's good.
Thank you for praying for us and the people who made it so far out; we pray it blessed you all abundantly.
Do you have any questions before we go tonight? I'm going to end it and then we'll come back again.
I won't come on so late tomorrow. I'll come on a lot earlier and pray with you all.
I try to get on earlier, but I eat and take care of my kids. But it will be done and we're excited about it.
If you could do me a favor before you leave, please click the like button, click subscribe, click the notification bell, and do all you can to help me with the algorithm and help us with this broadcast.
Other than that, we will end it there. I just want to tell you all we love you.
Thank you for joining us tonight. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you, and we'll pray with you again soon. God bless you all. Bye-bye.